Tourist can speak in C++.
Once, tourist sent all his solutions at once and took the first place immediately. 30 seconds later, his solutions were judged.
Tourist solved a NP-Complete problem once. In constant time.
For tourist, dark mode or light mode doesn't matter, as he usually codes with his eyes closed.
Tourist once solved an n ≤ 10^5 problem using only boolean data types.
Tourist receives "Accepted" verdicts in heuristic competitions.
When tourist hosts a contest, there aren't any queue delays, because he judges all submissions himself by looking at the source code.
Tourist once enumerated all prime numbers. Backwards.
Tourist's randomized solutions don't have a probability of fail.
When tourist create a interactive problem, he doesn't write a interactor program. He interacts with the contestants code himself.
Tourist runs C++ code on interactive shells.
There aren't prime numbers. Just numbers that tourist hasn't bothered to factor yet.
When tourist hashes strings, there isn't a risk of collision.
When tourist wants to make juice, he takes the fruits of segment trees.
"segment trees" were actually called "whole trees" before tourist smashed them.
The baby and the giant on the baby-step giant-step algorithm are actually running from tourist.
Tourist can overflow bigint data types.
If the server takes too long to judge a tourist solution, the server receives a TLE verdict.
Tourist solved a problem using brainfuck once — In a Kotlin Heroes contest.
Tourist doesn't use sort. He just shakes the array with his own hands until all elements get in the right place.
Tourist always climb up positions in the scoreboard, even if he is already the first — and the scoreboard is frozen.
When tourist codes a persistant data structure, it LITERALLY can go back on time. 
Boolean data types can take more than 2 different values if tourist wants them to.
All algorithms can be done in at most O(N). If they aren't yet, it's just because tourist didn't bother to optimize them.
Tourist choose his nick because he used to travel to a LOT of cities. And he was always able to choose the optimal path between them.
Tourist doesn't think that naming variables are hard.
Tourist compile code by shrinking it with his bare hands.
Tourist doesn't use doubles. He uses triples, a float-type with no loss of precision.
Tourist can make floats sink by looking at them.
When born, instead of crying, tourist spelled source code in Delphi. The doctor's response was "Accepted"
Tourist can count to 2^64. On his fingers.
Tourist has binary trees, fenwick trees and link cut trees growing on his garden.
Tourist doesn't need a stop condition on his recursive algorithms. They stop when he wants them to.
Tourist's phone number, when converted to binary, is actually a compiled C++ code of an FFT implementation.
Tourist can do both range queries and range updates in O(1)
Tourist can code a segment tree in HTML.
Tourist eat meals in hash tables.
Tourist knows the Lowest Common Ancestor of any pair of people.
Tourist doesn't know the "Heavy-Light Decomposition". He calls it "Light-Lighter Decomposition".
Tourist knows the Nim value of any chess position.
Tourist can hear programming languages. From computers. Turned off.
Bugs are afraid of tourist.